hey guys Jason here uh just thought I'd
do a quick video on this it's something
that that not a lot of folks know a
whole lot about as well I say not a
whole lot of folks know about this it's
it's it's making gaskets I got the water
pump off of my farm all 140 in case you
haven't noticed I've not been doing
garden videos because water pump went
out on it and having limited time and
and having to order parts and limited
money and all that good stuff I just
have got the water pump here so i was
taking it off well lo and behold it
ships with this gasket and i'm thinking
when i pulled the new water pump out of
the box that everything's fine i've got
a gasket i take the water pump off and
it's got a plate on it this bolts to the
water pump and this side actually all
right chickens quit knocking on the door
stop it girls girls get that out I'll
bring you a fortune cookie in a minute
anyway this side goes up against the
engine block well it did not ship with
the gasket for that and as you can see
well maybe you can tell it had a gasket
on it so I'll scratch that off and I'm
going to make one right quick and it's
as simple as having some stock from a
auto parts store or you can do this out
of something as simple as a cornflakes
box or a Triscuit box or just anything
that's a thin pasteboard surface what
you're looking for out of it is is
something that will
something that will just take up those
those little scratches and imperfections
in the metal when you tighten those two
pieces of metal together a gasket
doesn't have to be a specialty part it's
it's just got to be something that that
squeezes into those little tiny
imperfections in between the in between
the metal and keeps those little
imperfections from from leaking because
metal on metal is rarely ever perfect
unless you're dealing with an
all-american pressure cooker usually
you've got to have some sort of gasket
in there so anyway let's say it's just a
quick video to to give you a little
heads up on this in case you ever wind
up in the middle of a project here while
back I was replacing the fuel pump on
the John Deere 2130 pretty big tractor
and it was my dad's of course and I
inherited it and using it on the farm
still and i was taking that fuel pump
off and i had a gasket that came with
the new fuel pump but when i pulled the
old fuel pump off there was a what
appeared to be a Kellogg's Frosted
Flakes box that my dad evidently I'm
guessing of course he didn't buy the
tractor new but I'm figuring he he he
put a fuel pump on it at one point in
time the years that he had it he got in
the middle of changing one out and
actually cut open a frosted flakes a box
and used that to sandwich in between the
engine block and the fuel pump so anyway
guys don't always you don't always have
to go to the parts store to get apart I
say the stuff i'm using here is it's
just basically a sheet fiber paper that
we use it at work and if I didn't have
this I'd be in the house looking for a
Ritz cracker box or or frosted flakes
box so anyway hope
gives you some ideas and and frees up
any worries that you have any of you new
mechanics out there that's uh that's
just starting to think ur with your own
stuff you know all you're looking for
with a gasket is something just to fill
them little cracks you know some stuff
now I mean if you're talking about a
head gasket that's a whole nother ball
of wax but something on a water pump or
a fuel pump is something like this is
it's perfect like say something you know
something that has torque torque values
involved like a head gasket or intake
manifold gasket I wouldn't really
recommend this but but in a and a grid
down where you couldn't find it it's
still an option so anyway guys take care
y'all have a good one Jason out